# CS-255-A-GLOVER
CS-255 MODULE 8 JOURNAL
The client was a man named Liam, the owner of DriverPass. He wanted a system that would allow for users to take online classes and practice tests for driving. The company would also provide on-the-road training. I think something I did well was being able to analyze and understand the requirements. Though I would probably need to revise the design documents if I could. Those were definitely the weakest parts of my projects. They weren't nearly as in-depth as they needed to be. I think it would have maybe been easier if I had drawn them out instead of using LucidChart, but that could also just be an excuse on my part, perhaps. Interpreting the user's needs wasn't very difficult; I just had to read the requirements, and that was all? The harder part was getting all of it to come together and make sense. Which wasn't the most fun thing to do, but alas. Every system has its own requirements for a reason, and including all of those requirements is key to creating a successful design. You wouldn't want to go to do something only to find that you can't, so it's important to have all your bases covered. When designing software, I try to take things in steps. Looking at everything at once can get overwhelming, so just organizing each requirement into parts of a whole makes it a lot easier to conceptualize. If I had to do this in the future, I would definitely take more time into making sure I did everything as correctly as I could, like double and triple checking I read the requirements correctly and comparing my designs to them as well. 
